---
tags: meta
type: 
aliases: 
date: 18-07-2022
share: true
category: hidden
---

### This message was intercepted by a Solar Expeditionary drone.
- Half of the message is encrypted by using a Class-3 algorithm, and was successfully decoded.
- Message contains [[5c.16ns72.p41.0avd-B|additional data]] that contains directions to [[Cessalian Conglomerate|Cessalian]] territory.

---

To anyone that may find this message, relay this to Cessalian troops. We are currently under siege.

This message contains information that will have no use to anyone. Do not delay.

Withholding information will ultimately be detrimental to known civilization as we know it.

For the survival of everyone in this galaxy, relay this message to Cessalian space.

*Stellar Commandant, I hope this message finds you well. Our military forces are currently engaging an [[Xenim Empire|unknown enemy]].*

*Enemy ships are weak yet vastly outnumber ours. Enemies possibly have access to cloning technology inside their ships.*

*Enemy infantry forces easily overwhelm any mounted defence. Enemy infantry forces wield extremely powerful lasers.*

*Our frontier worlds are currently under their control. Orbital bombardment have shown very little to no effect.*

*Belligerents are normally physically weak and mentally slow. Belligerents currently use a [[AXM-4P Stimulant|combat stimulant]].*

*Combat stimulant greatly increases performance on users. Acquisition of said stimulant is extremely difficult.*

*Stimulant is about a thousand times better than our best one. Has currently no known side effects or complications.*

*Currently requesting for additional support and reinforcements. Nearby colonies are unable to take back occupied worlds.*

---

**Current Course of Action:**
- Monitor Cessalian/Xenim conflict.
- Dispatch Dreamer units to acquire stimulant.